# AppCleaner
The AppCleaner scans for app caches. It will check all default cache location as well as uncommon cache locations in custom folders.
Viewing a lot of emails, browsing G+ posts or facebook quickly fills up an apps cache with pictures or graphics. Caches per se are not a bad thing. Cached files don't have to be loaded through the network again and thus load faster and save bandwidth. But a lot of applications mismanage their cache or don't limit it.
Now its great to have quick access to some pages, but the cache also contains things like pictures from 3 day old emails. Now be honest how often do you really go back to view a few days old content. In most cases I'd rather have more free space and let the app just re-cache the files should i need them. Additionally some of the cache files might already be stale now and would have to be reloaded anyways or not at all.
There is a setting you can adjust if you want to keep the most recent cache files.
The AppCleaner differs slightly between rooted and unrooted device. The cleanable amount is roughly the same, but unrooted devices can't clean some files individually. This is means that you can still click an entry and it will clean just that app, but there might be additional files belonging to this app that can only be removed if you use the 'clean all' routine. Such entries are labeled with an extra and icon and will also display "20+? Elements" (this entry has 20 files/folders plus an unknown amount of extra items). It's unfortunately the only way to achieve this without the luxury of root as we can't access the files directly, but instead have to ask the system for this information and this is all the information/options we get. 